README.md, before:


![Syndicate RPG](https://i.imgur.com/kUVO35g.png)


Syndicate RPG is a (RPG) gamemode for Garry's Mod featuring over 35,000 lines of Lua code. After being released commercially in 2016, it is now free to download!

If you use this, I would appreciate you buying the **credit shop** addon [here](https://www.gmodstore.com/market/view/3915) - once hooked up to a donation system of your choice, your players will be able to purchase special items such as Weapon/Armor Reset Stones, crafting handbooks, ect.

I also recommend you to look at my other addon - [GTerminal](https://www.gmodstore.com/market/view/gterminal-advanced-darkrp-hacking-module)

If you don't want to do that but still want to help, please **Star** the repo.

## Features

**Equipment** - Players can equip and dequip armors and weapons from their inventory. Once they do this, the attributes from the item will be applied to them. (Eg extra health, fire/ice damage ect)

![Equipment](http://i.imgur.com/9HUqLSA.jpg)




**Quests** - The gamemode has a powerful quest system implmeneted. Quests are randomly given to NPCs around the map, including errand & base defense quests, or both! Quests give blueprints & other items to players.

![Quest](http://i.imgur.com/TAcfnaf.jpg)

![Quest](http://i.imgur.com/OCllQeX.jpg)



**Armor** - Once the player crafts armor, they can equip it and it will update their model & give them the attributes of the armor. All armors are upgradable using any armor upgrades gathered in game. There are currently 5 separate armor sets in the game, all of which can be mixed and matched

![Armor](http://i.imgur.com/HhrRBKz.jpg )



**Crafting** - Once a player accquires a blueprint and crafting materials, they can begin crafting using the Blacksmith NPC. If a player crafts a weapon or armor, the items level will be randomly chosen, along with its class and upgrade slots. Players can increase this level using items in the game

![Crafting](http://i.imgur.com/4kSWouD.jpg)


**Buildings** - Once players buy a door in a building, they will own it and be charged the rent for that individual building. Other players will be able to use a buildings capture point to control it. Whatever map, it's simple to configure buildings to work with this gamemode. Just walk up to a door, press F2 and set the building. Then use the admin power, capture point and cash spawn tools to configure the building spawns. You can then go into the F4 menu and set the rent of the building.

![Building](http://i.imgur.com/7mXL3di.jpg)

![Building](http://i.imgur.com/OHTLMQD.jpg)


**Money printers** - All printers need to be powered by connecting them to power sockets using the power tool. They need to be cooled using printer coolers & players also have access to printer amount boosters & rate increasers

![Printer](http://i.imgur.com/z0LeQsu.jpg)


**Material forges** - Players are able to forge materials at their bases using these. Once players are higher levels, they can buy forges that stack materials so they can make many materials. 

![Forge](http://i.imgur.com/b4bZyqI.jpg)


**F4 & F1 Menus** - Both fully custom & feature beautiful GUI. The F4 menu is the main hub of the game. Players can join/create gangs from here, buy items such as material forges and printers, check their achievements, spawn their cars, and much more. The F1 menu gives your players a link to your site / the wiki for the game, making it easy for them to learn how to play

![F4](http://i.imgur.com/G7nnuCa.jpg)


**NLR** - The gamemode features an NLR system where players will spawn as a ghost for an amount of time after they die. The time depends on the level of the player

**Gangs** - Gangs are a large part of the gamemode. Players can start gangs from level 10 and invite other players to join them. They can start rivalries with other gangs and fight for territories around the map. Once a gang has levelled up enough, members can buy special gang-only items such as gang unarrest sticks & gang printer coolers. Gang leaders can also buy upgrades for the gang, such as more health for their members, or an XP boost.

![Gangs](http://i.imgur.com/iowWH2P.jpg)

![Gangs](http://i.imgur.com/YCGN9cb.jpg)

![Gangs](http://i.imgur.com/E93ws4E.jpg )


**Garage** - Players can buy car blueprints and craft them at the Blacksmith. All though expensive, this will give players a car they can spawn whenever they want

**Inventory** - All the players items are stored in their inventory, which saves after they leave. They are able to upgrade, equip, drop and sell items from here.

![Inventory](http://i.imgur.com/58hxfL0.jpg )


**Achievements** - A wide range of achievements can be unlocked by players. They give money and XP to players that complete them, giving players can incentive to play.

![Achievements](http://i.imgur.com/l0k0FoL.jpg )


**Trading** - Players can safely and securely trade items and money with eachother using the trading system. 
Bank 

![Trading](http://i.imgur.com/8aGedqA.png )



**Don** - Players can visit the Don NPC in-game to get startup items & items every few levels. They also have access to special deals here. 

![Don](http://i.imgur.com/jsrxIcL.jpg)


**Powerful setup system** - All positions/spawns/buildings/rent/gang territories/NPCs are configurable in game using the menu. All doors can be assigned to buildings in game.

![Setup](http://i.imgur.com/OdbGGs7.png \"\")
![Done](http://i.imgur.com/FxDFurZ.png) 

**Generators** - Players are able to buy generators and fuel and base in places where power sockets may not be available
![Generators](http://i.imgur.com/zRtmLgH.jpg )

**Blueprint Infusers** - Another way players can acquire blueprints are by using infusers. Players charge cards using blueprint infusers, and then put the cards in their printers, giving it a small chance of producing a blueprint upon print
![BP Infusers](http://i.imgur.com/vejRiQ5.png)


**Party** - A party system where players can create/join temporary parties. This gives them a chat between each other & allows easy trades
![Party](http://i.imgur.com/WHUh7Ty.png)


**HUD** - The HUD features a compass that shows you quest locations & gang members. You can quickly buy selectable items using the quick buy slots at the bottom. The HUD is smoothly hidden when a player is in dialogue to increase immersion
![QucikBuy](http://i.imgur.com/M7Sfd7m.png)


**Terrorism** - Players can band together to destroy the city, by enriching uranium and creating a bomb. Other players must stop them

**Configurable** - Most settings are configurable in 1 file, you are able to change the main color of the HUD elements from one line.
![Config](http://i.imgur.com/PW2pvZO.png)


**Upgrades** - Weapons and upgrades can be upgraded using their relevant upgrades. Players can refine 3 of the same level upgrade to make one of the next level. Weapons have damage boost, ice damage which freezes players, and fire damage which ignites them. Armor has health boost+add, armor boost+add, XP boost, speed increase, ect.


**Levels** - The main element of progression in the game is leveling. Players are able to equip new weapons/armors as they level and are able to make more money through higher level money printers, and acquire more materials using higher level material forges.

**Supports M9K and FAS:2** - For if you want to add your own weapons

**Language Support** - Uses DarkRP's translations, you can translate every phrase in the game through a file

**Supports DarkRP addons** - The gamemode works with all addons created for DarkRP, enabling you to customize your server even more!

It is recommended you use a MySQL database for this gamemode, but it should work without one too.

## Installation
 1. Install DarkRP - this gamemode is derived from it
 2. Drag the gamemode to your gamemodes folder
 3. Copy `/syndicate/gamemode/config/config-default.lua` to `config.lua` so your config changes are not overridden every time you update.
 4. Edit the settings in `config.lua` - the defaults will work too
 5. Edit /syndicate/gamemode/config/mysql.lua with your MySQL settings
 6. Start and join your server, type 'fadmin setroot <yourname>' into the console to make yourself admin
 7. Press F4, go to admin, and setup your territories, spawns and buildings
 8. Use the admin tools to configure power sockets, capture points and cash spawns
 6. Done!

## Support
You can add me on Steam [here](https://steamcommunity.com/id/vrondakis) - leave a comment as to why you are adding.

## Development
View development tips here: [https://syndicate.manolis.io/doku.php?id=developer](https://syndicate.manolis.io/doku.php?id=developer) 

## Tips

 - Don't rename the gamemode to something else or you will get less players - since servers are grouped by gamemode
 - If you wish to rename the gamemode to DarkRP so it shows under DarkRP, do the following: http://i.imgur.com/VjdSdy4.png
 - Don't give yourself items/levels/ect, because if you do then players won't want to put time into getting things you got for nothing

## Server list
If you run a Syndicate RPG server and wish to have it featured here, please make a pull request

## Contributing
If you have fixed a bug or added a feature, please create a pull request.

## License
See LICENSE.md

Commit message:

Missed instruction for darkrp rename

README.md, after:


![Syndicate RPG](https://i.imgur.com/kUVO35g.png)


Syndicate RPG is a (RPG) gamemode for Garry's Mod featuring over 35,000 lines of Lua code. After being released commercially in 2016, it is now free to download!

If you use this, I would appreciate you buying the **credit shop** addon [here](https://www.gmodstore.com/market/view/3915) - once hooked up to a donation system of your choice, your players will be able to purchase special items such as Weapon/Armor Reset Stones, crafting handbooks, ect.

I also recommend you to look at my other addon - [GTerminal](https://www.gmodstore.com/market/view/gterminal-advanced-darkrp-hacking-module)

If you don't want to do that but still want to help, please **Star** the repo.

## Features

**Equipment** - Players can equip and dequip armors and weapons from their inventory. Once they do this, the attributes from the item will be applied to them. (Eg extra health, fire/ice damage ect)

![Equipment](http://i.imgur.com/9HUqLSA.jpg)




**Quests** - The gamemode has a powerful quest system implmeneted. Quests are randomly given to NPCs around the map, including errand & base defense quests, or both! Quests give blueprints & other items to players.

![Quest](http://i.imgur.com/TAcfnaf.jpg)

![Quest](http://i.imgur.com/OCllQeX.jpg)



**Armor** - Once the player crafts armor, they can equip it and it will update their model & give them the attributes of the armor. All armors are upgradable using any armor upgrades gathered in game. There are currently 5 separate armor sets in the game, all of which can be mixed and matched

![Armor](http://i.imgur.com/HhrRBKz.jpg )



**Crafting** - Once a player accquires a blueprint and crafting materials, they can begin crafting using the Blacksmith NPC. If a player crafts a weapon or armor, the items level will be randomly chosen, along with its class and upgrade slots. Players can increase this level using items in the game

![Crafting](http://i.imgur.com/4kSWouD.jpg)


**Buildings** - Once players buy a door in a building, they will own it and be charged the rent for that individual building. Other players will be able to use a buildings capture point to control it. Whatever map, it's simple to configure buildings to work with this gamemode. Just walk up to a door, press F2 and set the building. Then use the admin power, capture point and cash spawn tools to configure the building spawns. You can then go into the F4 menu and set the rent of the building.

![Building](http://i.imgur.com/7mXL3di.jpg)

![Building](http://i.imgur.com/OHTLMQD.jpg)


**Money printers** - All printers need to be powered by connecting them to power sockets using the power tool. They need to be cooled using printer coolers & players also have access to printer amount boosters & rate increasers

![Printer](http://i.imgur.com/z0LeQsu.jpg)


**Material forges** - Players are able to forge materials at their bases using these. Once players are higher levels, they can buy forges that stack materials so they can make many materials. 

![Forge](http://i.imgur.com/b4bZyqI.jpg)


**F4 & F1 Menus** - Both fully custom & feature beautiful GUI. The F4 menu is the main hub of the game. Players can join/create gangs from here, buy items such as material forges and printers, check their achievements, spawn their cars, and much more. The F1 menu gives your players a link to your site / the wiki for the game, making it easy for them to learn how to play

![F4](http://i.imgur.com/G7nnuCa.jpg)


**NLR** - The gamemode features an NLR system where players will spawn as a ghost for an amount of time after they die. The time depends on the level of the player

**Gangs** - Gangs are a large part of the gamemode. Players can start gangs from level 10 and invite other players to join them. They can start rivalries with other gangs and fight for territories around the map. Once a gang has levelled up enough, members can buy special gang-only items such as gang unarrest sticks & gang printer coolers. Gang leaders can also buy upgrades for the gang, such as more health for their members, or an XP boost.

![Gangs](http://i.imgur.com/iowWH2P.jpg)

![Gangs](http://i.imgur.com/YCGN9cb.jpg)

![Gangs](http://i.imgur.com/E93ws4E.jpg )


**Garage** - Players can buy car blueprints and craft them at the Blacksmith. All though expensive, this will give players a car they can spawn whenever they want

**Inventory** - All the players items are stored in their inventory, which saves after they leave. They are able to upgrade, equip, drop and sell items from here.

![Inventory](http://i.imgur.com/58hxfL0.jpg )


**Achievements** - A wide range of achievements can be unlocked by players. They give money and XP to players that complete them, giving players can incentive to play.

![Achievements](http://i.imgur.com/l0k0FoL.jpg )


**Trading** - Players can safely and securely trade items and money with eachother using the trading system. 
Bank 

![Trading](http://i.imgur.com/8aGedqA.png )



**Don** - Players can visit the Don NPC in-game to get startup items & items every few levels. They also have access to special deals here. 

![Don](http://i.imgur.com/jsrxIcL.jpg)


**Powerful setup system** - All positions/spawns/buildings/rent/gang territories/NPCs are configurable in game using the menu. All doors can be assigned to buildings in game.

![Setup](http://i.imgur.com/OdbGGs7.png \"\")
![Done](http://i.imgur.com/FxDFurZ.png) 

**Generators** - Players are able to buy generators and fuel and base in places where power sockets may not be available
![Generators](http://i.imgur.com/zRtmLgH.jpg )

**Blueprint Infusers** - Another way players can acquire blueprints are by using infusers. Players charge cards using blueprint infusers, and then put the cards in their printers, giving it a small chance of producing a blueprint upon print
![BP Infusers](http://i.imgur.com/vejRiQ5.png)


**Party** - A party system where players can create/join temporary parties. This gives them a chat between each other & allows easy trades
![Party](http://i.imgur.com/WHUh7Ty.png)


**HUD** - The HUD features a compass that shows you quest locations & gang members. You can quickly buy selectable items using the quick buy slots at the bottom. The HUD is smoothly hidden when a player is in dialogue to increase immersion
![QucikBuy](http://i.imgur.com/M7Sfd7m.png)


**Terrorism** - Players can band together to destroy the city, by enriching uranium and creating a bomb. Other players must stop them

**Configurable** - Most settings are configurable in 1 file, you are able to change the main color of the HUD elements from one line.
![Config](http://i.imgur.com/PW2pvZO.png)


**Upgrades** - Weapons and upgrades can be upgraded using their relevant upgrades. Players can refine 3 of the same level upgrade to make one of the next level. Weapons have damage boost, ice damage which freezes players, and fire damage which ignites them. Armor has health boost+add, armor boost+add, XP boost, speed increase, ect.


**Levels** - The main element of progression in the game is leveling. Players are able to equip new weapons/armors as they level and are able to make more money through higher level money printers, and acquire more materials using higher level material forges.

**Supports M9K and FAS:2** - For if you want to add your own weapons

**Language Support** - Uses DarkRP's translations, you can translate every phrase in the game through a file

**Supports DarkRP addons** - The gamemode works with all addons created for DarkRP, enabling you to customize your server even more!

It is recommended you use a MySQL database for this gamemode, but it should work without one too.

## Installation
 1. Install DarkRP - this gamemode is derived from it
 2. Drag the gamemode to your gamemodes folder
 3. Copy `/syndicate/gamemode/config/config-default.lua` to `config.lua` so your config changes are not overridden every time you update.
 4. Edit the settings in `config.lua` - the defaults will work too
 5. Edit /syndicate/gamemode/config/mysql.lua with your MySQL settings
 6. Start and join your server, type 'fadmin setroot <yourname>' into the console to make yourself admin
 7. Press F4, go to admin, and setup your territories, spawns and buildings
 8. Use the admin tools to configure power sockets, capture points and cash spawns
 6. Done!

## Support
You can add me on Steam [here](https://steamcommunity.com/id/vrondakis) - leave a comment as to why you are adding.

## Development
View development tips here: [https://syndicate.manolis.io/doku.php?id=developer](https://syndicate.manolis.io/doku.php?id=developer) 

## Tips

 - Don't rename the gamemode to something else or you will get less players - since servers are grouped by gamemode
 - If you wish to rename the gamemode to DarkRP so it shows under DarkRP, do the following: http://i.imgur.com/VjdSdy4.png and also change "darkrp" to "darkrpx" in darkrpx.txt
 
 - Don't give yourself items/levels/ect, because if you do then players won't want to put time into getting things you got for nothing

## Server list
If you run a Syndicate RPG server and wish to have it featured here, please make a pull request

## Contributing
If you have fixed a bug or added a feature, please create a pull request.

## License
See LICENSE.md
